# DATAINCUBATOR
My interest in on working on a project for analyzing Health Care Data and generating important information that improves population quality of life which is an relevant and useful topic.
I have developed a Java program for reading an analyzing Health Care data, related to the data set that is in the DATAINCUBATOR folder. The data set have information about chronic diseases, mortality, and drugs problems, so on. The data is distributed based one years, gender, and us cities. My tool reads the 11MB and it is able to extract information based on certain parameters. Currently, it returns information related to breast cancer and groups the population based on years, cities and ethnics, but I could be easy modified for extracting different information. In addition, I generated a tool for rendering graphs based on the information extracted from the data set. The program uses Java also as programing language.
I believe this health care field and the information extracted related to population health problems are very important and it could be very useful for insurance companies, hospitals, and the US government for making some decisions based on the information found in this census. There is a lot of information now and the challenge is to interpret it. Insurances companies could improve their coverage based on this information, or in any cases make decision about increasing or decreasing the monthly rates based on where some diseases are more like to happen and in which ages are patients more likely to have problems. On the other hand, the US government could use this statistics to generate social campaign according to high risks of diseases in certain areas or sectors. Information generated by a fully version of this project could be used for prevention campaigns such as sexually transmitted infections prevention, pregnancy control, and breast cancer tests. Also, the data generated could be useful to hospitals for increasing research in certain areas or requesting certain test according to specific characteristics to patients. 
Regarding drugs abuse and alcohol, a fully version of the program could provide relevant information on ages, cities distributions, what substances are more popular, and ethnic more likely to consume them. The information generate is vital for thinking about prevention, and to analyze the causes of the problems. 

